[Security Center] Deprecate security level and threat score (#20794)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/rules/configuration-rules/settings.mdx

[Security Level](/waf/tools/security-level/) controls Managed Challenges for requests from low reputation IP addresses.

> On the Cloudflare dashboard, you can enable or disable _I'm Under Attack!_ mode. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the Cloudflare dashboard, you can turn Under Attack mode on or off. 

- Off
- Essentially Off
- I'm Under Attack

```
I believe we will still show these three options in Configuration Rules.
